## Hurlings
A type of thrown object. A hurling can be thrown a number of yards equal to your [Body] score + your [Rflx] score divided by the weight of the item in pounds. If using a sling to propel the item the distance is [Rflx]x2 score + [Body] score + training level (in Slings) yards divided by the weight of the item. While it is an action to throw a hurling, it is not considered an attack. If attempting to strike a foe with a hurling, you may have the creature make a [Rflx] save with a DV equal to the maximum range of your throw (or sling use) in yards divided by the total number of feet the hurling traveled. Any bonuses to defense from cover apply to the save.

**Fragmenting Grenade**, $120 each, 1 lb.  
A ceramic or metal ball containing half a pound of black powder and a fuse. This fuse could be cut to a specific desired duration measured in either phases or rounds. It is an action to light the fuse, though one can use their movement instead. A lit grenade with more than two phases of fuse remaining can be stomped as a reaction to put out the fuse. When the grenade explodes, anything within 1 foot is subject to a Sonic attack and a thrown Blade attack. Additionally, anything within a yard of the explosion is subject to 2 additional thrown blade attacks. The fuse has a 1 in 12 chance of being snuffed each time it is wound in a sling.

**Guillarmastas Grenade**, $145 each, .75 lb.  
A ceramic grenade which shatters upon impact, splashing a mild (if somewhat foul smelling) liquid on anything withing 1 yard whichis not behind at least half cover. After an entire round exposed to sunlight, the liquid is activated, becoming a fairly potent acid which will inflict an acid attack against one covered at the end of every round until it has had either 3 successful attacks or 3 failed attacks. The liquid can remain inactive for up to 24 hours. If some time has passed, the liquid becomes less effective. The acid attack has a -1 penalty for every 2 hours which passed before the liquid is active. A single day in the pot is only treated as 1 hour of time inactive.  
The liquid is made completely inert by water. It can be lit ablaze to neutralize, causing a brief burst of otherwise harmless flame.

**Incendiary Grenade** $100 each, .5 lb.  
A ceramic grenade which shatters upon impact,everything with a range of 1.5 yards of the impact zone is subject to a fire attack.

**Orb of Obliteration**, $500,000, 2.5 lb.  
A sphere of platinum engraved in a lost language. The sphere must be charged to have an effect. It can be charged by a creature touching the sphere attempting to wyrding it. It can be wyrded at any tier. The time required to wyrd it is 60 minutes plus 15 minutes per spell tier of the wyrding. Upon success the sphere gains a number of points of charge equal to the tier. When hurled at a foe, it _explodes on contact with an intense surge of energy out a number of yards equal to its total charge. Anything within the blast is subject to an undamaging attack, which will knock the creature prone. Each creature is also subject to a force attack, which gets advantage if the undamaging attack was successful. Then, for each of those attacks which was a critical success, that creature suffers a wound. A creature of undeath instead loses 2d12 points of undeath for each critical hit. All charges are then lost_.

**Spore Grenade**, $78, 2.75 lb  
A ceramic grenade filled with spores. Upon impact, the spores release and float outwards up to 1 foot. At the end of each round, the cloud of spores stretches out an additional foot, until it reach a total of 9 feet. Once it reaches it apex, it will persist for 3 more rounds. Anything within the space occupied by the spores which breathes receives 2d6 points of inebriation, divided by the total number of feet the spores have stretched out yet. Unlike traditional points of inebriation, the time for this to take affect is measured in rounds and not minutes.
