Here are a number of dangerous materials including a description, their origin, and the value of it if one was to seek it out.

**Uilpas**, $70 per ounce  
A contact toxin developed from a poisonous root which is used for hunting. It is a paralytic with a short window of affect. Something wounded by a weapon coated in this must succeed a DV 15 [Fort] save or become prone. Once it has been prone this way for a whole round, it becomes immobile for a number of rounds equal to the points of failure. A creature gets a +2 bonus to its save for every size category above diminutive it is. An once could cover 6 sling bullets, 4 bolts/arrows, a 2 pikes, a dagger's blade, or a spear/javelin head. For other weapons, other than firearms, it requires an ounce for every 2/3 foot of range the weapon's point of contact would have. This wears off in 1d6+2 hours once applied. A cautious application requires 7 minutes per ounce.

**Milk of the Nightcap**, $35 per ounce  
A milky substance to be mixed with alcohol as a sleep aid. It is also used in many medicinal tonics. An ounce of this can ignite a gallon of sudokohest. If one were to ingest too much of this, they will become poisoned. The amount required to be in their system at any point in time is half an ounce per [Fort] score. Halve this for each size category below medium. Increase this by half again for each size category beyond medium. It remains in one's system for about 9 hours. Once posioned, they are subject to a toxic attack which ignores armor at the end of every minute and are dazed while there is any amount of it in their system.

**Resporic Oil**, $1d20+50 per ounce  
A translucent mixture which combine a oil pressed from a notably toxic mushroom and a few other poisonous additives. The recipe changes greatly but the effect is the same. A coated weapon which manages to wound a foe and introduce it into their system can apply the effect of a Toxic critical hit. A dagger or spearhead can be coated with an ounce, but anything larger requires an additional ounce per foot of length beyond that. This will last for about 1d4+3 swings of the weapon if applied properly. Cautious application requires 10 minutes.
